# Assignment Reflection
This assignment helped me gain insight as to why QA testing is important for programs and companies. When I initially looked at this assignment, I was confused as to what I was supposed to do, because it seemed that everything was completed for the assignment. However, upon closer inspection and carefully watching the assignment video and reading the prompt, I realized that there were a few things that could be added to the program to make it more secure and have less room for error. The main challenge for me in this assignment was knowing where to begin, as the wording of the assignment initially confused me. However, watching the instructor video in full and getting help with online resources helped me realize what I was supposed to do. 

From this assignment, I learned that even if a program is functioning well, there are always some things that you can implement to make sure that it doesn't break and is more secure. Each time I found an issue, such as username uniqueness and password validation, it made me realize that there are so many different types of validation that go into making sure that a website works properly, especially one that creates and maintains accounts for users. The QA process itself wasn't too bad, as once I found the problem, it was a straightforward process in figuring out what I needed to add to make sure that I solved the issue. Creating a new branch for each issue kept the program organized and made sure that all the problems weren't combined onto one branch. Doing this assignment helped me develop more as a programmer and gave me insight into how professional programming should be.

DockerHub Image Link: https://hub.docker.com/layers/klrita/event_manager/latest/images/sha256-06463cd6f0728337b946fca0bf03d41f7d4c048f716a1a394ea9038839e5f6ac?context=repo

Closed Issues Link: https://github.com/kfr3/event_manager/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed
